W-19183852-redeploy-deleted-apps (#813)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-manager: runtime-manager/modules/ROOT/pages/managing-applications-on-your-own-servers.adoc

For applications deployed on-premises, a couple of scenarios may arise which trigger specific behaviors by Runtime Manager:

> * If you manually delete an application folder or anchor file while the Mule runtime is running, the affected applications are un-deployed from that local server. The applications on other nodes in a server group or cluster are not affected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you manually delete an application folder or anchor file while the Mule runtime is running, the affected applications are undeployed from that local server. Applications on other nodes in a server group or cluster aren't affected.
```

[NOTE]
Only deleting from the Anypoint Runtime Manager UI or via the Runtime Manager REST API permanently removes the application.

> * When the Mule runtime restarts, it triggers a re-sync process. During the re-sync, Runtime Manager detects the missing applications and automatically redeploys them. This applies to single servers, server groups, and clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When Mule runtime restarts, it triggers a resync process. During the resync, Runtime Manager detects the missing applications and automatically redeploys them. This applies to single servers, server groups, and clusters.
```

[NOTE]

> The re-sync only occurs when the local Mule runtime restarts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The resync only occurs when the local Mule runtime restarts.
```
